in the neck in ordinary old Xena I'm
gonna spank today no okay my name is
pastor I got playing backfire sin crying
I'm the bass player I'm back fine
my name is weep I play guitar for my
client name is Leo I play drums on
backfire I'm Dave maybe toss back wrap
our introduce lyric awkward let's or you
can hear a techno song but European the
last thing is you being Hagen growing we
create a roll sound
you repeat the realty and sound it's
like it's like it's got their own sound
I'm so many events coming from you I
just hope people are open-minded to
European band today it's different in so
very curious about playing today we own
you for your band all
your hockey pushes come on move up what
this Ostroff pushing my tears away
yeah
what
come on my side
dr. Tabak
yeah
yato
what